## Sun
- The central star of our solar system, the Sun is a main-sequence star, which
make up roughly 90% of all stars in the universe. It's roughly 110 times as wide
as the Earth is, and contains 99.8% of all the system's mass - which is why
everything revolves around it!

### Core
- Deep in the sun's core is the beating heart of the entire solar system. It's
hard to believe that so much is powered by a reaction on the atomic scale.
Under pressure from the gravity of the sun being so massive, hydrogen atoms fuse
into helium, providing the energy that lights up the entire solar system. It
produces 1.8 billion times the energy of the largest nuclear bomb detonated on
Earth... every single second!

### Photosphere
- When you look up into the sky (but hopefully not directly!) the bright ball of
the photosphere is the part of the sun you're looking at. Though often depicted
as being yellow, the light from the sun is white. When it hits the Earth's
atmosphere, a phenomenon called Rayleigh scattering causes it to look yellow, as
well as the sky blue. The same phenomenon is responsible for the brilliant
colors of both sunrises and sunsets.

### Corona
- Just like the Earth, the sun also has an atmosphere. The largest part of it is
known as its corona. Though it is not usually visible thanks to the brightness
of the photosphere, during eclipses - when the moon's orbit puts it in the right
place to block out the majority of the sun's light - it becomes readily apparent.
Particles stream out of the corona to create solar wind, which is responsible
for such phenomena as the auroras, and comets having tails, among others.

### Sunspots
- Sun spots happen when fluctuations in the sun cause areas of the surface to be
not as hot as their surroundings, causing that area to look darker than the rest
of the sun. Despite only appearing as spots, they can grow to a size several
times our own planet's! They can last anywhere from a few days to a few months,
and tend to increase and decrease in frequency based off of eleven-year cycles.

### Solar Flares
- Solar flares are bright flashes caused by increased activity from the sun, in
conjunction with a coronal mass ejection - an intense wave of energized
particles that erupt from the sun and fly out into the solar system. While they
are relatively common, they can cause electrical problems should the Earth be in
the path of a flare, thanks to the disturbances they can cause in the atmosphere.

---

## Mercury
- Named for the speedy Roman messenger god, Mercury is the closest planet to the
sun as well as the smallest. Only about a sixth the width and a twentieth of the
size of Earth, it lacks an atmosphere, and temperatures can vary wildly based on
whether you're on the bright or dark side of the planet.

### Apollodorus
- This crater, located within the Pantheon Fossae, is remarkable because of the
long troughs that radiate out from the center. When first discovered, it was
nicknamed the Spider because of the web like shape. It is still uncertain if the
impact caused them, or whether the asteroid that caused the crater merely landed
in the center of a pre-existing formation.

### Caloris Basin
- The Caloris basin is one of the largest impact craters in the Solar System,
measuring at over 900 miles wide. The asteroid that created the impact was
likely at least 60 miles wide, larger than the one theorized to have caused the
dinosaurs' extinction. The impact was so violent that it caused deformations in
the terrain on the exact opposite side of the planet (the antipode).

### Poles
- Despite being the planet closest to the sun, Mercury can get quite cold. At
the poles of the planet, hidden perpetually from the sun in the shadows of
craters, there's ample evidence that there is large amounts of ice lie frozen.
Though a fraction of what exists on Earth's polar regions, it is still enough to
be at least a couple miles deep.

### Hun Kal
- Because of how Mercury's orbit works, the equator of the

### Tolstoj
- The Tolstoj crater is notable for its bright and well-preserved ejecta blanket
leave a noticeable light splotch

---

## Venus


## Moon


## Mars


## Jupiter
-

### Great Red Spot
-

### Ganymede
-

### Callisto
-

### Europa
-

### Io
-

## Saturn
-

### Rings
-

### Titan
-

## Uranus
-

### Axis
-

## Neptune
-
